Be bold and brave——and mighty(强大的) forces will come to your aid.
I opened the box and took out the shining gold bracelet.
I have always thought of myself as a doer.
Recently a new scince behind incentives, including in education, has been dicussed.
Later, as a university student, I managed on an extremely small student allowance.
Furious, she left the house and refused to come back.
Earlier this year, some US and Canadian airlines lifted their restrictions but said that all devices must be kept in "airplane mode".
"For the sake of safety, you'll want to make sure that you're at least 15 feet away from the rail,"
My daughter plays on a recreational soccer team.
Jessica's mother sank into a faint, waking only when Jessica put a cold wet cloth on her forehead.
What was supposed to be a stopgap trip turned into a new life.
Lee is not merely a seasoned salesperson but also head of a marketing department that has business relations with big names such as Levi's and Sony.
Not to mention, there's often lots of indulging between now and New Year's
Nothing spices up a run or brisk walk quite like a beautiful view.
You find small wedge in your relationship with your wife and daughter.
Coffee splashes over you.
I had a quick thirty-minute stopover in Detroit before heading home to Toronto.
All I knew was that she was an orphan from Africa.
Joan's face turned red at the unexpected compliment.
The stepsisters were cruel: they always threw Cinderella's food into the ashes of the fire, and made her sleep on the ashes on the floor, hence her name.
The police officers decided to conduct a thorough and comprehensive review of the case.
I thought to myself, "If he can do it, then so can I."
Freedom should have priority over responsibility.
"You should put that up for auction on the Internet, and see what happens," the salesgirl said.
The screenplay is witty and full of amusing visual jokes.
Our life will be complete when our spouse gets his or her act together.
For previous generations, college was a decisive break from parental control;
Mrs. Virginia Deview, whose physical appearance made her an easy target for snickers and cruel jokes among students.
Richard Dawkins, the famous evolutionary biologist who coined the word “meme” in his classic 1976 book, The Selfish Gene, seemed bent on disowning the Internet variety, calling it a “hijacking” of the original term.
Other memes gain ground because they are something out of the ordinary.
Your words can turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Peter Ceglinski and Andrew Turton said their device could spell the end of polluted seas.
Besides my immediate family, a lot of my aunts, uncles, and cousins came to the ceremony.
Whenever something bad happens to me, I often ask myself whether it has any silver lining whatsoever.
She put the lid on the box, tucked it under her arm and headed out of the door.
Inside the car, the grandfather held Minnie in his arms and stroked her soft hair.
I found myself reliving so many beautiful memories.
The ship was the Endurancem a small, tight, Norwegian-built three-master.
From that point Shackleton wanted to force a passage by dog sledge across the continent.
Surprisingly resembling Chinese color pregerence, red is a main color that people ise for Christmas.
One day, while the babies were babbling to each other, the shepherd heard them say "becos".
